# LWE-PEKS
Multi-Writer Searchable Encryption, also known as public-key encryption with keyword search(PEKS), serves a wide spectrum of
data sharing applications. It allows users to search over encrypted data encrypted via different keys. However, most of the existing PEKS schemes are built on theory and lack of implenmention. Here, we show how to realize a LWE-based encrypted search scheme for the paper:    

Lei Xu , Xingliang Yuan , Ron Steinfeld , Cong Wang , and Chungen Xu . 2019. Multi-Writer Searchable Encryption: An LWE-based Realization and Implementation. In ACM Asia Conference on Computer and Communications Security (AsiaCCS ’19), July 9–12, 2019, Auckland, New Zealand. ACM

## Setup
Matlab: 2015

## Arguments:
* "m": the dimension of lattice basis;
* "n": the security parameter;
* "S": master secret;
* "A_tau": the identity matrix;
* "c": the center of the gaussian distribution;
* "s": gaussian parameter;
* "k": the length of the keyword;
* "l": the length of the user's identity;
* "sk": user's private key';

## Function Description:
* Setup algorithm is to generate the system parameters and master secret key for the KGC. It employs TrapGen to generate a pair of matrices, where one of them is the master secret key.
* Derive algorithm is to delegate private keys for each user. 
* Encryption algorithm is to encrypt the keyword which is represented as a bit-string. 
* Search algorithm is to test whether the ciphertext matches the given token generated by the keyword and the private key. It involves two parts: one is to generate the search token, and the other is to perform ciphertext test.


## Current Maintainer
* Lei Xu, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, xuleicrypto@gmail.com
* Xingliang Yuan, Monash University, xingliang.yuan@monash.edu
